five social media challenges that need
to stop first is the licking challenge
where people go to a supermarket they
pick up a piece of food and they lick it
oh and then they put it back on the
Shelf what actually would make this
funny though is if a prankster tried it
on an item of food that's already been
lck next up is tooth filing people are
noticing that their teeth are not
completely straight but then they're
taking it upon themselves using a nail
file to get them back in line imagine
the sound dentists have urged people
against this for obvious reasons and
they're not going to like the next one
either the corn on the drill challenge
in an attempt to eat corn on the car
quickly as possible people have started
detaching their corn onto power drills
so yes people have lost teeth people
have lost chunks of hair it get really
dangerous with the penny challenge
people are inserting coins in between a
plug and a socket while it's on you
would think that Common Sense would
Prevail here but no electrocutions have
been caused fires have been caused
obviously but the most bizarre the most
pointless has got to be the skull
breaker challenge it involves one person
in the middle jumping and then their
friends kicking out their legs from
underneath them so that they land and
smack their skull on the floor